#Educational software and manuals#

... *some sofoftware and manuals I've written for use in education.*

##My Background##

I have been teaching embedded programming using C, Java, about Free
and Open Source Software (I have even taught Software Processes). How
well I did, and still do, that I leave to others to say. I really hope
I don't suck to much. I do not write this page thinking I am an
awesome instructor or programmering. I think the main reason I write
this is that I love programming (programming makes my brain feel good)
and I really love seeing students show that smile when they "finally"
get it.

##Pedagocial challenges## 

I and, I believe, many other lecturers/teachers have asked the
question why students today are so different than we were when we
studied. Why don't they spend the time? Why don't they understand
what's good for them?

*Students don't read the book*

Well, the students don't! Survey after survey tell that the book or
whatever litterature is not. How to overcome this is a tough question. 


*Students don't pay attention during lectures*

Well, the students don't! How to overcome this? Is lectures the right
tool in the first place?


So, going back to the first questions in this section. Or rather
restating them. Or perhaps even forget about them since the main
question really should be - how do we (teachers) adapt to the younger
generation WITHOUT (and I do mean whithout) sacrifising the goals of
education.


##Pedagogical problems## 

Sometimes I wonder if I am pedagogical at all. Getting a question like
"why didn't you ever teach us how to use this method" after I've spent
some 3-4 hours on that, be it a week or two earlier, makes me think I
suck at teaching. But I guess you have to look at it from another
angle than thinking that the teacher or the student suck (hey, don't
we all suck? .. I mean really, we all do suck).




##Pedagogical thought##

##Java Manuals## 

###Interfaces###


##Java Software## 

###ConsoleMenu###

The main purpose is, rather than easing up writing a console menu, to
show the use of Interfaces and to get students to get to know how GUI
programming with Swing feels like without actually using it. In the
examples we show how to create and add MenuItem classes and also how
to add anonymous MenuItem classes/objects.



   
